2. Documentation change: python scripts for quickstart section (#235)
XanaduAI/pennylane: doc/QuickStart.rst

    tutorials/pennylane_quantum_gradients
    tutorials/pennylane_optimization_in_pennylane

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Learn how to make quantum circuits in PennyLane.
    :figure: ../examples/figures/firstcircuit.png
    :description: :ref:`make_your_first_quantum_circuit`

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Get familiar with various operations PennyLane offers.
    :figure: ../examples/figures/squeeze1.png
    :description: :ref:`get_to_know_the_operations`

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Prepare your first quantum state in PennyLane.
    :figure: ../examples/figures/NOON.png
    :description: :ref:`prepare_your_first_quantum_state`

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: See PennyLane's automatic differentiation of quantum circuits in action.
    :figure: ../examples/figures/descent.png
    :description: :ref:`quantum_gradients`

.. customgalleryitem::
    :tooltip: Get familiar with PennyLane's Optimizers.
    :figure: ../examples/figures/optimization.png
    :description: :ref:`optimization_in_pennylane`

:html:`<div style='clear:both'></div>`

Putting it all together
-----------------------------------

> Let's put together everything we have learned from the basic tutorials by considering PennyLane version of the ‘Hello, world!’ example - qubit rotation and qumode displacement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's put together everything we have learned from the basic tutorials and consider PennyLane's version of the ‘Hello, world!’ example - qubit rotation and qumode displacement.
```
